Kenyon: "Since Lot was afraid
to stay in Zoar.
he and his two daughters
settled in the hill country.
where he lived in a cave.
The firstborn said
to the younger...
'Our father is getting old.
and there is not a man
in the land
to have intercourse with us
as is the custom everywhere.
Come.
Let us ply our father with
wine and then lie with him.
hat we may ensure posterity
by our father.'
So that night. they plied
their father with wine."
[ Insects chirping ]
"And the firstborn went in
and lay with her father.
The next day. the firstborn
said to the younger.
'Let us ply him
with wine again tonight.
And then you go in
and lie with him.'
So that night. too. they plied
their father with wine.
And then the younger one
went in
and lay with her father.
And so it was that
the two daughters of Lot
became pregnant
by their father."
And thus. Lord. we maketh
your word our command!
All: Amen!
♪ down to the river to pray ♪
♪ studying about
that good old way ♪
♪ and who shall wear
that starry crown ♪
♪ good Lord. show me the way ♪
♪ oh. sisters. let's go down ♪
♪ let's go down ♪
♪ come on down ♪
♪ oh. sisters. let's go down ♪
♪ down to the river to pray ♪
♪ as I went down in the river
to pray ♪
Woman: Dearly beloved.
we are gathered here
in the sight of God
and in the face of this family
to join together this--
[ Woman gasps.
people murmuring ]
[ Glass breaking ]
[ Women screaming ]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ Screaming intensifies ]
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
_
What do you feel like--
Italian. Thai?
Are we really gonna do this?
Do what?
I'm hungry.
Not talk about it.
I'll probably get turned down.
The trial--
nobody gets in this thing.
It's false hope.
Did you hear
what the doctor said?
I mean.
were you even listening?
he said the prognosis is--
He said he couldn't predict.
No. he said that the trial
was your best shot.
You don't want to do it. fine.
Then do it for me.
I can live with that.
Just want to think about it.
There's nothing to think about.
I don't care if you get fat.
I don't care
if you lose your hair.
You're applying for this trial.
You're gonna be accepted.
Do you understand me?
I am not losing you.
Soon as I get to the office...
I'll make the call.
Liz: DMV? Really?
I've never even seen you drive.
That little fella.
the one through the glass.
his name is Glen Carter.
His mother calls him
"Jelly Bean."
A loathsome individual
who. sad to say.
possesses an uncanny ability
to locate anything.
Achoo!
[ Coughs ]
[ Sighs ]
I presume you've heard
of Justin Kenyon?
The smiling public face
of the militia movement.
Who hasn't?
Yes.
The very voice of reason.
the rebel darling
of the fringe right--
charming. rustic.
camera-ready.
the perfect spokesman to spin
vile hatred and prejudice
into treacly dross that passes
for plainspoken common sense.
Forget it.
Excuse me?
Justice knows exactly
who Justin Kenyon is.
We know what he is.
The Church of the Shield
is a cesspool
of polygamy. doomsday paranoia.
ritualized elder
and child abuse.
but he also has four of the most
prominent civil rights attorneys
in the country on retainer--
we can't touch him.
How do you suppose he pays
for those
high-priced lawyers--
charitable contributions?
His church has been audited
by the IRS every year
for the past decade.
His books are impeccable.
So are mine.
Liz: Justin Kenyon-- head of
the Church of the Shield.
a polygamist cult located
on a 15.000-acre reserve
in the Smoky Mountains.
Aram: Kenyon declared it
a nation-state
and petitioned to secede
in US District Court
three decades ago.
According to Reddington.
Kenyon has dozens
of shipping containers
buried on his property.
Terrorists. cartels.
and criminals contract with him
to store cargo.
no questions asked.
Reddington compiled
a partial inventory
from his sources.
It includes all manner
of contraband.
from drugs and hot merchandise
to military ordnance.
antiaircraft guns.
missiles. RPGs. Semtex.
Sounds like a one-stop
storage facility
for the criminal underworld.
In 1982.
Kenyon published a book entitled
"The Silver Bear Prophecies."
which he purported
were delivered to him
by the spirit of
an ancient Druid elder.
In it. he claims to be
the latter-day incarnation
of an entity the Silver Bear
called "The Ken'yon."
How convenient.
Ken'yon and his followers will
ascend into Heaven for six days
and return to--
and I quote--
"Rain fire
upon the New Babylon.
the defiled States of America.
and our children shall cleanse
her streets
with the blood
of her founder's enemies."
According to Reddington.
Ken'yon has fallen off
the radar.
His clients have been unable
to reach him
or anyone on the compound
since last Saturday.
Which means they don't have
access to their stored goods.
As you can imagine.
this makes a number
of very dangerous people
very. very nervous.
[ Laughs ] Not interested.
Can't be done.
Glen. you have found things
for me with far less to go on.
Ernie's retirement party's
tonight.
I got to pick up
the shrimp platter.
You found Jerry Minkie's wife
after she ran off
with the uber driver.
the one with the Subaru.
I don't even like shrimp.
You found. uh. the other guy--
who was that?-- That...
mobster who was hiding out
in needles.
Glen. look. you and I...
we've had our differences.
but I have enormous respect
for your abilities.
You know that.
If anyone can help me.
it's you.
It's not the shrimp.
It's the dip. that sauce.
I don't like sauces.
[ Paper rustles ]
You know what?
Forget it. I don't need this.
What are you so upset about?
There isn't a retirement party.
is there?!
You're making it up!
That's what this is about!
This is what you want--
to see me get all lathered up!
You're pathological.
You realize that. right?
Ernie's shrimp platter?!
You can't be serious!
Do you even see the irony
in that?
[ Groans ]
[ Sighs ]
Tell me about the safe.
Glen. I'm upset!
Your spook friend--
he said it was critical.
[ Sighs ]
As I've already told you.
he said there is a safe
in St. Petersburg
on the second floor of
I don't know where--
a bank. an apartment.
He died before
he could tell me more.
The spook...
What was his name?
Alan Fitch.
Alan...
Fitch!
Fitch.
Kenyon's been off the grid
for three days.
According to his own words.
that gives us 72 hours
before he delivers his version
of armageddon.
His counsel has assured us
nothing is amiss.
and under no circumstances
are we to attempt
direct contact.
They've already won
two civil judgments
on Kenyon's behalf
for harassment.
That was before we knew he was
sitting on enough ordnance
to arm
a third-world country.
This could all go south fast
and end up looking very badly.
I don't give a damn
how it looks.
Well. that's a luxury
we cannot afford.
not after Waco and Ruby Ridge.
We're looking
at a tactical nightmare--
78 square miles
of virgin forest.
a mountain stronghold
with enough food
and potable water
to withstand an armed siege
for months.
And even if by some miracle
we manage
to put down resistance
and seize that compound
without loss of life.
without harm coming to the
26 children who reside there.
what if Reddington is wrong?
Lizzy. exactly when
have I been wrong?
I told you-- there are
political considerations.
If we raid Kenyon's compound
and come up empty-handed--
You will not come up
empty-handed.
But if we do.
then we'll have validated
Kenyon's allegations
that the federal government
are a pack of jackbooted thugs.
We'll have raised him up as
a martyr for the constitution.
That's exactly what he wants.
Lizzy. I have gone
to considerable lengths
to point you and your team
in the right direction.
and now. due to
political considerations.
people will die.
And when they do
and the bureaucrats decide
that the loss of innocent lives
trumps their career prospects.
you be sure to give me a call.
_
Unit B61 to Dispatch.
run a check
on a late-model Chevy van.
Tennessee plate number
Delta-Oscar-Charlie-7-7-1.
Woman: Unit B261. that tag
number is 10-40 stolen.
registered to
a 2005 Jeep Cherokee.
- Copy?
- Copy that.
[ Gun cocks ]
Show us your hands!
Hands outside the window now!
What the...
Hold your fire!
It's just a--
ATF estimates there was enough
Semtex in that van
to level five square blocks.
- Anything on the victims?
- Vaporized.
The presumed dead include
two Alabama State troopers
and the occupant of the van.
- [ Cellphone rings ]
- Yeah?
We just got footage
of the explosion.
Hold your fire!
It's just a--
It's just a what?
Aram: The VIN numbers
on the van's differential
match a vehicle registered to
Kenyon's Church of the Shield.
Judge is signing
the search warrant as we speak.
Also. the plates
were swapped out
for one stolen off a Cherokee
at a truck stop
five miles down the road
from the Kenyon compound.
I got a hit
on another set of plates
stolen from the same location.
Another van passed through
a tollbooth
on the MD 200 headed into DC.
Ressler:
Reddington was right.
If we'd listened to him.
we wouldn't have a gang
of fanatics
joyriding with enough ordnance
to level a small city.
Ressler and Keen.
get to that compound.
The warrant should be sealed
and delivered
by the time you arrive.
Navabi. the van--
find out everything you can.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Harold Cooper.
Dr. Levin. hello.
W-was I accepted?
I see.
You know. Jeff.
you don't owe me an apology.
I know you did everything
you could.
Thank you.
[ Beeps. dialing ]
Hey. I just got off the phone
with the doctor.
I'm afraid it's... bad news.
I am not taking you
to St. Petersburg.
You are if you want to know
where the safe is.
- How do I even know you've found it?
- You don't.
But I got two weeks of vacation
I got to take
before the end of the year
or I lose it.
It's February!
We could take your jet.
have a few laughs on the way.
some of those nuts--
the honey-roasted ones.
I want what I paid for--
the location of the safe.
Can I be honest with you?
I doubt it.
I've never been out
of the country.
My dad. our vacations as a kid.
we drove everywhere--
South Dakota. Florida.
But you-- I look at you...
and all the places you go...
and I'd just like
to do that once.
Plus. I think it'd be fun.
I feel like
we might have a good time.
[ Sighs ]
[ Scoffs ]
I'm screwing with you!
I was born in London.
but I've never been
on a private jet.
[ Clears throat ]
Anyway. I clock out at 5:30.
I'll need to stop by the house.
grab a shower.
feed the turtle.
I can have a bag packed
and be wheels up by 9:00.
[ Sighs ]
_
Sheriff. have you met Kenyon?
He makes a habit of coming
into town for breakfast.
He's a bit of a blowhard
but always friendly.
cooperative.
Plus. the church has provided
volunteers for community events.
search-and-rescue operations.
So. what are you
suggesting--
we collar this guy at the next
rotary club pancake breakfast?
I'm suggesting
he can be talked to.
He's reasonable.
and I'm suggesting you let
my boys handle this
instead of lighting
this whole mountain up
and starting World War III.
What are the odds we'll be met
with armed resistance?
It's a dead certainty.
You step one foot
on Kenyon's land
without his express consent.
he'll put a bullet in you.
badge or no badge.
_
Now. we've cleared
the estimated kill zone.
and we've evacuated
the surrounding areas.
We're waiting
on a sniper team now.
Navabi:
Hold your fire.
It's just...
a kid.
It's just a kid.
- Excuse me. miss?
- Take this.
Hey. h-hold on!
Hey. halt! No!
Return to the firing line!
Do not approach the suspect!
Hi.
I'm Samar.
What's your name?
Do you know what that does?
You planned on killing a lot
of people today.
Was that your mission?
It's not going to happen.
Do you see?
They're all too far away.
There's no point now.
It's just the two of us
out here.
If you push that button...
only two of us
are going to die.
Do you understand?
Just you and me.
and I don't want to die today.
Do you?
Come on out.
Come on.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Come here. give me your hand.
It's gonna be okay.
♪ show me the way ♪
♪ oh. brothers. let's go down ♪
♪ let's go down. come on down ♪
♪ down in the river to pray ♪
♪ as I went down in the river
to pray ♪
♪ studying about
that good old way ♪
♪ and who shall wear the robe
and crown? ♪
♪ good lord. show me the way ♪
♪ oh. brothers. let's go down ♪
Go. go!
♪ let's go down. come on down ♪
♪ come on. brothers.
let's go down ♪
♪ down in the river to pray ♪
♪ oh. mothers. let's go down ♪
♪ come on down.
don't you want to go down? ♪
♪ come on. mothers.
let's go down ♪
♪ down in the river to pray ♪
_
Liz:
Kenyon's unaccounted for.
53 of his followers
slaughtered.
No sign of him.
Red: That's puzzling.
It appears all the adults
were murdered
and the children are gone.
Kenyon's ideology
has always been
about vanquishing the infidels
and rising to power.
not about killing their own.
This is a group
of survivalists.
They might have been attacked
by a rival militia.
We found a number of dead bodies
surrounding the perimeter.
And the storage containers?
Located. secured.
and searched--
about a dozen of them so far.
They've been pretty much
cleaned out--
no weapons. no ordnance.
According to an inventory list.
we're missing small arms. RPGs.
three Hellfire missiles.
plus over a ton of Semtex.
C4. Demex. and plastite.
What was that?
That was... a vase.
What about the vehicles?
All the church's vehicles
are accounted for.
except for one.
Another bomb.
Something's gone sideways.
Lizzy.
[ Object rattles ]
Kenyon is the devil we know.
but now either
others are involved
or there's been a complete
breakdown in the organization.
Either way.
be careful out there.
[ Toilet flushes ]
You're sure this is
the apartment?
- This is the apartment.
- You're positive?
Your tone is insulting.
My tone?!
I endured 13 hours with you
on my jet.
12 of which
you had your shoes off.
You snored.
You insulted
my flight attendant!
I thought she was pregnant.
Glen. the safe!
We haven't found it yet.
have we?!
I know everything one can
possibly know about Alan Fitch.
I worked on this
'round the clock.
and you know how irritable I can
be if I don't get my 10 hours.
I've reviewed six years
of bank records.
and I traced the cash payment
he made
to purchase an apartment
in this very building
on this very floor.
Trust me. the safe is here.
I don't trust you.
What the hell is this?
The title to apartment 221.
Apology accepted.
What?
We're in apartment 212.
You don't know the cross
that I bear.
the things I've had
to overcome--
my dyslexia.
- You're not dyslexic.
Dembe: - Raymond.
Oh. really. doctor?
Is that your
professional opinion?
Forgot to pack my medication.
I was shocked when you told me
I could come along.
It threw me.
I left my dyslexia pills
on the counter.
There are no pills
for dyslexia.
Get this to Sorenson for a trace
on the number.
Cooper: How old is he?
Navabi: - He's 10.
- 10?
What the hell are we
dealing with here?
I've seen this before
in fanatical sects.
The children are indoctrinated
from the time they're born.
force-fed by rod and rote--
In this case. the gospel
according to Justin Kenyon.
To rain fire
upon the New Babylon.
Aram: Oh. my God--
coroner's preliminary report
on the massacre
at the compound.
- What do you got?
- Not a shot was fired.
Every single one of those people
was stabbed.
strangled. stomped.
or bludgeoned to death.
- Dear God.
- And something else.
A field office in Richmond
just got a call
from a former cult member--
Dawn Weston.
Swears our truck bomber
is her son.
Liz: She's our only
surviving witness.
Starkweather: Of a crime
committed in my jurisdiction.
That makes her
my responsibility.
Ressler: Look. these are
dangerous people.
We have an entire unit
tasked with providing
protective custody.
There's no point in
hashing this out now.
No matter how this shakes down.
the first thing we need to do
is get that girl safely off
this mountain-- agreed?
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
What are you looking at?
Watchers.
Watchers?
Shh. it's a secret.
I thought he was dead.
Your son. Finnian.
Finn. we always called him.
[ Sobs ]
Finn.
[ Sobbing ]
There are some things
that you need to understand
about Justin. about the way
that things were.
You see. h-his word was not
just the law.
It was the word of God himself.
Justin was our oracle.
He was our burning bush.
I understand.
You don't.
You can't. not unless
you were there. You...
God. what have I done?
Tell me.
According to Justin...
each man was to take
unto himself three wives.
Which wasn't a problem
in the early days.
but as we began
to have children...
he must've seen the flaw
in his plan.
What flaw?
There were too many boys.
of course.
More than half the children
were. you know. male. and so...
he began the walkabout.
The walkabout?
The first new moon in January.
lots would be drawn
among the boys.
We would have a great feast
in celebration.
and the chosen one would be
the guest of honor.
He was treated as a man.
How old were the chosen?
8 or 10.
Just before the onset
of puberty.
After the feast.
the boy would be awakened
and taken deep into the woods.
and then...
You left him there
in the middle of nowhere.
in the bitter cold.
He said there were too many.
[ Gunshot. tires screeching ]
You're hurt.
[ Sighs ]
I'm okay.
Ressler's pinned.
Ressler. talk to me!
You injured?
I don't think anything's broke.
but I'm stuck.
I can't--
I can't budge this thing.
[ Grunts ]
The radio's shot.
Anybody got cell reception?
Mine's busted.
[ Sighs ]
Somebody live back there?
Not that I know of.
You wait by the car with Amy.
I'm gonna see if I can go
get us some help.
check out that smoke.
Keep an eye on that girl.
Shouldn't you be prepping
for your confirmation hearing?
[ Laughs ]
It's a no-brainer.
You're looking at the next
Attorney General.
I'm happy for you. Tom.
For us. Harold. for us.
I want you to consider taking
the Director's chair.
Tom. I don't know.
It's what we've always
talked about.
A rising tide lifts all boats.
I'm flattered. Tom.
But I can't.
I'm not leaving here
with a "No."
I'd love to take you up
on this. Tom.
You know I would.
But I'm dealing with some...
health issues.
What. Harold?
Is it serious?
To be honest with you. yeah.
It's very serious.
There was a clinical trial
that held out some hope.
but. uh...
Look. you didn't come here
to talk about my health.
I'm happy for you.
I really am.
Amy:
Are you in the FBI?
Yes. I am.
My daddy says all the people
who work for the FBI
are gonna go to Hell.
Some days it feels like that.
sweetheart.
He says they're gonna burn
in a lake of fire.
Who's there?!
[ Rustling ]
What is it?
Shh!
Hey. Starkweather!
- It's them.
- Who?
The watchers.
- [ Thudding ]
- Sweetie. come here.
Get down. get down!
♪ maybe I'll try and make it ♪
♪ all about the weather ♪
♪ maybe I'll try
and make it... ♪
The only cure for corruption
is disruption.
- The only cure--
- Finn.
The father said
to his servants. "Quick.
put a ring on his finger
and sandals on his feet."
Do you r-remember me?
- Mama?
- Yes. Finn.
[ Crying ]
You're telling me
that this attack
was masterminded
by a bunch of kids?
Not just kids-- a tribe.
militarily instructed
by their elders
from the time they could walk
in tracking.
evasion techniques.
hand-to-hand combat.
firearm training.
And left to die in the woods?
Starting with Kenyon's
own son. David.
- Why?
- Come on. keep going.
The gospel
according to Kenyon--
"And each man shall have
unto himself three wives."
There were too many boys.
It was the only way
to maintain the ratio.
The mountain was supposed to
kill the boys. but it didn't.
It was a crucible.
The weak died--
- injuries disease. exposure...
- Get out of here! Come on. get out!
...but the strong
survived.
perfectly adapted.
with their own laws.
their own society.
their own gods.
chief among which
was Justin Kenyon.
- "Was"?
- David is their leader.
A few weeks ago. he declared
his father an apostate.
He said that Justin
had abandoned his calling
and that it was up to them
to fulfill the prophecies
of Ken'yon.
Did he tell you where this
final truck bomb was headed?
The only people who know
are the other drivers and David.
I can't raise Liz or Ressler.
Samar. my dear. bump in the road
I can help smooth over.
or have the clouds
finally parted
and this is a social call?
She's missing.
- Agent Keen?
- And Ressler.
They were supposed to deliver
a witness two hours ago.
They haven't been seen since
they left Kenyon's compound.
Have you mounted a search?
I'm on my way out
to assist HRT.
but there are [Sighs] hundreds
of square miles
of rugged terrain.
It could take days.
The weapons.
Agent Keen said there was
a complete inventory list.
You have it?
Well. we have a manifest.
Why?
Send it to me.
♪ is that all there is? ♪
♪ anyone ♪
♪ can you give me somebody? ♪
♪ someone ♪
- ♪ is that all there is? ♪
- Ressler?!
♪ anyone ♪
♪ can you give me somebody... ♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Engine revving in distance ]
[ Revving continues ]
[ Screaming ]
Raymond!
Ohh.
Oh. that's a shame.
Dendrobium?
My own hybrid.
I call them
"Snows of Everest."
Lovely.
Friend of yours?
A small accounting problem.
Ruth.
Ruth!
I'm afraid I'll need
your undivided attention.
Put on his parka.
Tie him from the back
of the snowmobile.
I'll be out in a minute.
Very well.
You have my attention.
Ruth...
I will be forever
indebted to you
if you could be so kind
as to provide me
with the activation codes
for the Hellfire missiles
you have stored
at Justin Kenyon's compound.
- [ Beep ]
- Yes.
- Are you Navabi?
- Yeah.
It's for you.
This is Samar.
Agent Navabi. what do you know
about Hellfire missiles?
- What does that have to do with anything?
- Quite a lot. actually.
There were three of them stolen
from the compound.
I've since acquired
their activation codes.
You're going to launch three
Hellfire missiles?
[ Chuckles ]
Don't be silly.
We just activated the cameras
in their nose cones.
I've seen quite a lot
of activity.
but. then. boys will be boys.
- Liz and Ressler?
- Not sure.
I have... two other views.
only one of any tactical value.
It looks like they're in
some sort of large
hand-built structure.
Where?
Funny you should ask--
in standby mode.
the guidance systems ping GPS
coordinates every 30 seconds.
- You ready?
- Go.
[ Insects chirping ]
Hey.
Who are you?
My name's Elizabeth.
[ Branches cracking ]
David: This isn't about me
or the others. father.
This is about you--
your legacy. not mine!
You think I haven't seen it?
Read it?
Prevarications and betrayals.
Tell me who you are.
Who's in charge?
- Ken'yon.
- I want to talk to him.
Only David talks to Ken'yon.
You disgust me.
Caleb:
David! David!
What?
What?!
The prisoner wants
to talk to you.
Caleb. watch the road.
Make sure nobody else comes.
Where are the others?
Amy's safe.
along with the others.
She's gonna be one of my wives.
We're all gonna get married--
all of us.
As prescribed by Ken'yon.
And the man?
Ressler?
What have you done with him?
[ Grunts ]
See?
He's alive.
Freeze!
Move away from him!
Step away from him!
I said freeze!
Man: - Federal agents!
Man #2: - Get on the ground!
[ Indistinct shouting ]
- Let's go!
- Get on the ground!
Don't move!
Show us your hands!
Back off!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Kenyon's upstairs.
Get this guy right here.
Get him out of here.
He's gone.
Kenyon.
Stand down!
We found the...
What?
The third van.
Get these kids out of here!
See if you can locate
those missing girls.
They've got to be
around here somewhere.
- Call for backup.
- No backup!
Just round up these kids
with the personnel we've got
and clear out.
Yes. ma'am.
Don't come any closer!
I've got 300 pounds
of explosives in this van!
Go ahead.
It's what he wanted. isn't it?
What do you know?
I know your father...
wanted you dead.
He sent us out there
to make us stronger.
to be warriors.
to fulfill his prophecy!
All those boys--
they wouldn't have made it
if it weren't for you.
taking them in.
teaching them how to survive.
Your father never wanted them.
He never wanted you.
But you're not your father.
David.
You're better than him.
You're right.
I am.
Coward!
[ Gunfire ]
ATF's been over the grounds.
They've searched
the buried containers.
If you're wondering
about what you stored there.
it's long gone.
[ Drawer closes ]
What's this?
A key.
I bought you an apartment
at the Audrey.
top floor.
splendid view of the Potomac.
Why?
It's time to leave
the motel behind.
[ Sighs ]
I'm happy where I am.
Thank you.
You've been many things
lately. Lizzy.
but happy is not one of them.
That motor lodge you call home
crushes the spirit.
smothers the soul.
And you think a view
is gonna change that?
I once stayed
at a villa in Bali
with a view
of the Indian Ocean.
Every morning.
all I saw before me was...
possibility.
That and a gorgeous housekeeper
named Putu. who used to--
Thanks. but. no. thanks.
I wish you'd stop.
Stop what?
Trying.
Stop hoping things are gonna
get better between us.
You and me. it's just business.
That's all it's ever gonna be.
[ Crickets chirping ]
♪ somewhere ♪
♪ beyond the sea ♪
♪  somewhere waiting for me ♪
♪ my lover stands
on golden sands ♪
♪ and watches the ships ♪
Tom: Single malt.
- ♪ that go sailing ♪
- Highland. if memory serves.
I got you in.
♪ beyond the sea ♪
Tom. I thought I was clear.
I appreciate you thinking I'd be
a good Director. but--
Screw the Director.
I got you into the trial.
- At Georgetown.
- What?
How?
[ Chuckles ] Good questions.
I know a guy who knows a guy.
♪ it's far ♪
[ Exhales lightly ]
♪ beyond the stars ♪
- ♪ it's near beyond the moon ♪
- Wait.
Am I taking another
patient's spot?
Because...
I couldn't accept that.
That wouldn't be right.
[ Laughs ]
Righteous to the end.
Relax.
It was going to be 35 patients.
and now it'll be 36.
♪ we'll meet ♪
♪ beyond the shore ♪
♪ we'll kiss just as before ♪
Thank you. Tom.
[ Cork pops ]
♪ happy we'll be
beyond the sea ♪
There are good ships...
and there are wood ships.
The ships that sail the sea.
But the best ships
are friendships.
And may they always be.
[ Instrumental break ]
♪ no more sailin' ♪
The number from the safe traces
to a blind exchange.
We can't identify the party
you'll be speaking to.
[ Dialing. line ringing ]
Man: Yes.
I'm calling on behalf
of Alan Fitch.
A safe.
You found the safe?
Who the hell is this?
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm